---
author: Justin W. Flory
title: "Announcing first The Future is Open 2019 conference and line-up"
layout: post
date: 2019-10-03
---

The FOSS community at RIT welcomes you to The Future is Open 2019 on **Saturday, October 26th, 2019** from 10:00 AM to 5:00 PM in MAGIC Spell Studios.
In partnership with the FOSS@MAGIC initiative at the MAGIC Center, we welcome current students, alums, faculty and staff, and members of the wider Rochester community to join us for a day of exploring free and open source software at RIT.


## Who is this event for?

The Future is Open

Hi FOSS folks!

Interested in coming to the Rochester Maker Faire with FOSS@MAGIC?
**Please fill out the [submission form](https://forms.gle/HNzJEjeLA31wm9Mk7).**

Here at the RIT MAGIC Center, FOSS@MAGIC is getting ready for the annual [Rochester Maker Faire](https://rochester.makerfaire.com/) on Saturday, 23 November 2019.
For the past few years, FOSS@MAGIC [regularly attends](https://blog.justinwflory.com/2018/01/rochester-mini-maker-faire/) the Rochester Maker Faire.
This year is no different.
We are looking for student projects to exhibit at a table this year in downtown Rochester.

You can submit a new project idea and request resources, or you can submit an existing project idea and we will help table with you.
We encourage projects to use open source software and hardware or to be released under a Free Software license.
The project submission form has more details.

[**Fill out this form to submit a project or request resources for a new project.**](https://forms.gle/HNzJEjeLA31wm9Mk7)

We hope to see you there at the Maker Faire with us this year!

— Justin W. Flory (jwf / jwflory)
